In addition, services revenue accounts for a significant portion of our revenue, comprising 35%, 36%, and 35% of total revenue in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.As of September 30, 2022, our goodwill was $3,734.3 million, and our purchased intangible assets were $177.7 million.As of September 30, 2022, we had $1,700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes, which we refer to collectively as the“ Notes”.Even if we are able to anticipate, develop, and commercially introduce new products, enhancements or business strategies, there can be no assurance that such products, enhancements or business strategies will achieve market acceptance.For example, certain U. S. governmental agencies previously conducted investigations into possible violations by us of the U. S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, which ultimately resulted in the Company entering into a settlement with the SEC that involved, among other things, the Company making a payment of $11.8 million in August 2019.Similar requirements also may be imposed in procurements by state owned entities or even private companies forming part of“ critical network infrastructure” or supporting sensitive industries.U. S. regulations also permit the U. S. government to investigate and possibly mandate the unwinding of commercial transactions between U. S. companies and foreign suppliers.In response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the U. S. and certain allies have imposed sanctions against the Russian government and other entities, which led to our suspension of operations in Russia.• Data protection legislation is also becoming increasingly common in the U. S. at both the federal and state level.Proposals to reform U. S. and foreign tax laws could significantly impact how U. S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings and could increase the U. S. corporate tax rate.In many foreign countries, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U. S. regulations.See the section entitled“ Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part II of this Report for further discussion of this risk.36 Table of Contents • Operating Margin: Operating income as a percentage of net revenues increased primarily due to higher revenue, partially offset by the drivers described in the gross margin discussion above and higher personnel-related expenses driven by an increase in headcount.The increase in operating cash outflows was primarily due to higher supplier payments and higher cash taxes, partially offset by higher customer collections.DSO increased primarily due to a significant increase in product invoicing and lower collections of in-quarter invoicing, partially offset by higher revenue.The AI-Driven Enterprise revenue increase was primarily driven by Enterprise and Service Provider, partially offset by a decline in Cloud.The AI-Driven Enterprise revenue increase was primarily driven by Enterprise and Service Provider, partially offset by a decline in Cloud.A significant portion of the Company's purchase commitments arising from these agreements consist of firm and non-cancelable commitments.The Cloud-Ready Data Center revenue increase was primarily driven by Cloud, partially offset by a decline in Enterprise and Service Provider.The Cloud-Ready Data Center revenue increase was primarily driven by Cloud and Service Provider, partially offset by a decline in Enterprise.