Additionally, Russian supply of natural gas to Europe has decreased significantly in response to enacted sanctions.See Note 20 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.See Note 22 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.In the second quarter, we expect lower pricing coming off elevated fourth quarter 2022 levels and customer inventory rebalancing to impact segment performance in relation to the first quarter 2023.The Company continued to advance its Best for All ® strategy in the first quarter.Earnings (loss) before interest and income taxes by segment is set forth in the following table:-26-Segment results for Flat-RolledThe decrease in Flat-Rolled results for the three months ended March 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 was primarily due to: • lower average realized prices, including mix (approximately $755 million) • lower non-prime sales (approximately $10 million) • higher raw material costs (approximately $30 million) • higher energy costs (approximately $40 million) • unfavorable equity investees income (approximately $40 million), these changes were partially offset by: • increased shipments, including volume efficiencies (approximately $225 million) • lower operating costs (approximately $30 million) • lower other costs, predominantly variable compensation (approximately $85 million).-27-Segment results for Mini MillThe decrease in Mini Mill results for the three months ended March 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 was primarily due to: • lower average realized prices, including mix (approximately $430 million) • lower other and non-prime sales (approximately $10 million) these changes were partially offset by: • increased shipments (approximately $110 million) • lower raw material costs (approximately $40 million) • lower other costs, primarily variable compensation (approximately $25 million).Production data verified by an external auditor shows that USSE's rolling average for 2020-2021 returned to the base limit for hot metal production resulting in an increase to the free allocation for 2022 compared to 2021, however the 2022 free allocation was still slightly reduced due to missing the 15 percent threshold for sinter production.In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and active conflict continues in the country.However, Slovakia has natural gas storage and access to additional supply from countries including Norway, the U. S. and Africa.Tubular capital expenditures were $12 million and included spending to support steelmaking, infrastructure, and environmental projects within the Tubular footprint.EU Environmental Requirements and Slovak OperationsPhase IV of the EU Emissions Trading System (the EU ETS) commenced on January 1, 2021 and will finish on December 31, 2030.New and Emerging Environmental Regulations United States and European Greenhouse Gas Emissions RegulationsThe Phase IV EU ETS period spans 2021-2030 and began on January 1, 2021.United States-AirThe CAA imposes stringent limits on air emissions with a federally mandated operating permit program and civil and criminal enforcement sanctions.While our operations are subject to several different categories of NESHAP and MACT standards, the principal impact of these standards on U. S. Steel's operations includes those that are specific to coke making, iron making, steel making and iron ore processing.U. S. Steel continues to actively defend and maintain the 61 U. S. AD/CVD orders and 14 EU AD/CVD orders covering U. S. Steel products in multiple proceedings before the DOC, U. S. International Trade Commission (ITC), CIT, CAFC, the EC and European courts, and the World Trade Organization (WTO).