COVID-19 Pandemic RisksThe COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.Accordingly, we cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which COVID-19 will further impact our business and financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Our results of operations and market position may be adversely affected by our competitors and their competitive pressures in the watch, wearable technology and fashion accessory industries.The amount of borrowings permitted under our Revolving Facility may fluctuate significantly, which may adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial position.The impact of any such changes could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from manufacturing or selling certain of our products.Any such guidance or other forward-looking statements are predictions based on our then-existing expectations and projections about future events that we believe are reasonable.Any significant declines in general economic conditions, public safety concerns or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that affect consumer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on consumer purchases of our products.Future quotas, duties, or tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.During fiscal year 2022, our global comparable retail store sales increased 22.6%.“ Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under the heading“ Sources of Liquidity” for an additional discussion of the financial covenants contained in the Revolving Facility.As of December 31, 2022, we had $73.0 million outstanding under the Revolving Facility.However, assuming no further offsets from price increases, sourcing changes, or other changes to trade policy and regulatory rulings, all of which are currently under review, the estimated gross profit exposure from the Section 301 tariffs is approximately $5.6 million in fiscal year 2023.The sales decrease was largely driven by greater China and predominately in the EMPORIO ARMANI brand and partially offset by increases in India.Russia-Ukraine Conflict: Our operations in Russia consist of sales through a third-party distributor.The following table shows our sources of liquidity (in millions): 46 Table of ContentsNotes: In November 2021, we sold $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 7.00% senior notes due 2026 (the "Notes"), generating net proceeds of approximately $141.7 million.The Revolving Facility is an asset-based facility, in which borrowing availability is subject to a borrowing base equal to: (a) with respect to us, the sum of (i) the lesser of (x) 90% of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible U. S. finished goods inventory and (y) 65% of the lower of cost or market value of eligible U. S. finished goods inventory, plus (ii) 85% of the eligible U. S. accounts receivable, plus (iii) 90% of eligible U. S. credit card accounts receivable, plus (iv) the lesser of (x) 40% of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible U. S. intellectual property and (y) $20.0 million, minus (y) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent; (b) with respect to each non-U. S. borrower (except for the French Borrower), the sum of (i) the lesser of (x) 90% of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible foreign finished goods inventory of such non-U. S. borrower and (y) 65% of the lower of cost or market value of eligible foreign finished goods inventory of such non-U. S. borrower, plus (ii) 85% of the eligible foreign accounts receivable of such non-U. S. borrower, minus (iii) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent; and (c) with respect to the French 47 Table of ContentsBorrower, (i) 85% of eligible French accounts receivable minus (ii) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent.The lockdowns and travel restrictions, particularly in China, have had a significant adverse impact on our sales throughout fiscal year 2022.If our allowance for product returns were to change by 10%, the impact, excluding taxes, would have been an approximate $1.8 million change to net income (loss).From a category perspective, traditional watch sales decreased 10.1% (5.6% in constant currency) driven by sales declines in EMPORIO ARMANI and MICHAEL KORS and were partially offset by sales growth in FOSSIL.Sales of smartwatches declined 32.3% (28.1% in constant currency) due to lower consumer demand across geographies and channels.Americas net sales decreased $41.9 million or 5.3% (4.9% in constant currency) for fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021, with sales decreases in the U. S. partially offset by increases in Canada, while Mexico was flat.The weakening of foreign currencies, predominantly the euro, against the U. S. dollar significantly decreased our net sales in fiscal year 2022.The gross profit margin rate decreased to 49.4% in fiscal year 2022 compared to 51.7% in fiscal year 2021, largely due to increased freight costs, a non-recurrence of the prior year's tariff reductions and unfavorable currency changes.As a percentage of net sales, operating margin was (0.1)% in fiscal year 2022 as compared to 5.0% in fiscal year 2021 and was negatively impacted by 160 basis points due to changes in foreign currencies.