COVID-19 and its related variants, or another different future pandemic, could give rise to circumstances that cause one or more of the following risk factors to occur: Because the COVID-19 pandemic is far-reaching and its impacts cannot be completely anticipated, additional risks may arise that could materially impact the company’ s financial results and liquidity.The company’ s IT systems, or any third party’ s system on which the company relies, as well as those of our suppliers and customers, could fail on their own accord or may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions or shutdowns, including interruptions or shutdowns due to natural disasters, power outages or telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks or failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software or hardware.In addition, we cannot ensure that upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, new agreements will be reached without union action or that any such new agreements will be on terms satisfactory to us.A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.If a material weakness is identified, management could conclude that internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission in“ Internal Control—An Integrated Framework (2013).”The company has or may implement actions to minimize the risks and associated negative effects from COVID-19, which do not guarantee the prevention or mitigation of material impacts on our business.Whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the U. S. government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate.Because we depend on a relatively limited number of major customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss of any of these customers, a reduction in the purchasing levels of these customers, a strike or work stoppage by a significant number of these customers’ employees or an adverse change in the terms of the supply agreements with these customers.We manage our exposure to currency fluctuations, particularly our exposure to fluctuations in the euro to U. S. dollar exchange rate to attempt to mitigate the effect of cash flow and earnings volatility associated with exchange rate changes.Under the cost-to-cost method, the impact of updates in our estimates related to units shipped to date or progress made to date is recognized immediately.Market declines, longevity increases or legislative changes, such as the Pension Protection Act in the U. S., could result in a prospective decrease in our available cash flow and net earnings over time, and the recognition of an increase in our pension obligations could result in a reduction to our shareholders’ equity.In the third quarter of 2022, Ball settled the agreement and received a total of 4.34 million shares with the average price paid per share of $69.06.Amortization expense in 2022 and 2021 included $135 million and $152 million, respectively, for the amortization of acquired Rexam intangibles.Total interest-bearing debt of $9.00 billion and $7.78 billion was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.The majority of our aerospace business involves work under contracts, generally from one to five years in duration, as a prime contractor or subcontractor for various U. S. government agencies.These amounts represented 83 percent and 80 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively.These amounts represented 4 percent and 5 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively.These amounts represented 4 percent of consolidated net sales for 2022 and 2021.These amounts represented less than 1 percent and 1 percent of consolidated net sales for 2022 and 2021, respectively.As compared with the statutory U. S. federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the 2022 effective income tax rate was reduced by 3.2 percent for the impact of the U. S. research and development credit and by 2.8 percent for the impact of non-U. S. rate differences including tax holidays.These reductions were partially offset by an increase of 2.3 percent for U. S. state and local taxes and by 1.6 percent for equity compensation related impacts.Sales to the U. S. government, either directly as a prime contractor or indirectly as a subcontractor, represented 98 percent of segment sales in 2022 and 97 percent in 2021.